c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.App.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.MainPage_old.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Lista.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.csproj.App.config
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Detalhe.xaml.g.cs
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.config
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.config
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.csproj.App.config
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.MainPage_old.xaml.g.cs
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.App.xaml.g.cs
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Lista.xaml.g.cs
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Detalhe.xaml.g.cs
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
