c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.apk
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android-Signed.apk
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.pdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/bin/XamarinFest.Android.apk
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable/icon.png
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-hdpi/icon.png
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-xhdpi/icon.png
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-xxhdpi/icon.png
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/layout/tabbar.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/layout/toolbar.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/R.cs.flag
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/uploadflags.txt
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/XamarinFest.Android.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/assets/XamarinFest.dll.mdb
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll.config
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.config
c:/users/aluno/documents/visual studio 2017/Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll.config
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.apk
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.Android-Signed.apk
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/XamarinFest.dll.config
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/bin/Debug/Newtonsoft.Json.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.dll
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/XamarinFest.Android.pdb
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/android/bin/XamarinFest.Android.apk
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable/icon.png
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-hdpi/icon.png
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-xhdpi/icon.png
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/drawable-xxhdpi/icon.png
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/layout/tabbar.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/layout/toolbar.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/res/values/styles.xml
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/R.cs.flag
/Users/guaiamum/Documents/Code/Visual Studio Projects/XamarinFest/XamarinFest/XamarinFest.Android/obj/Debug/uploadflags.txt
